Post-release mobile sdk doc edits (#14058)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/mobile-sdk/mobile-sdk-api-guide.mdx

    * Track network requests from libraries not supported automatically
    * Set custom IDs to user sessions

## Get started [#get-started]

1. Make sure you have the latest mobile agent installed.
2. Select a customization from the table below and follow the method's documentation.

## Available customizations [#methods]

> The table below lists supported SDK methods to customize your mobile agent instrumentation. Click on a method's documentation to view syntax and usage examples for each agent type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below lists supported SDK methods to customize your mobile agent instrumentation. Select a method to view syntax and usage examples for each agent type.
```
